add caching for cudnn descriptors (#5)
alex-n-braun/coursera_cuda_advanced_libraries: README.md

So, only creating cudnn handles when needed really pays off. One might want to further investigate the difference of the cudnnHandle_t and other objects like cudnnTensorDescriptor_t and so forth.

> It is possible to further reduce operations that are potentially redundant, such as repeatedly setting image width and height although this should be constants for a video clip. Further runtime improvement of roughy 2-3%.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to further reduce operations that are potentially redundant, such as repeatedly setting image width and height although this should be constants for a video clip. Further runtime improvement of roughly 2-3% <verb missing?>.
```
